Hey, thank you for joining. Thank you for sticking
around in here. I suppose it' probably be the most
apppropo thing to say. Uh, thank you for joining
me today. They wanted to talk a little bit about
how all of this technology actually gets into the
path of value inside large organizations and large
businesses because as it would turn out the the
ability for us to go prototype cool stuff versus
us go and deliver these things into the critical
path can can vary widely. I'm Craig. I lead
product management for data bricks in case you
hadn't figured that yet. Uh been with data bicks
for about three years. before that was at Google
where I was the leader of product for uh the
founding of Vert.ex AI and before that I was the
the founding general manager of of AWS SageMaker.
So I've been I as my wife says uh continuing to
strike out as I try and get better and better at
helping enterprises uh build AI. But uh as we dive
into this I wanted to quickly just set a little
bit of context on who data bricks, why data bricks
and why is data bicks here talking to you and
what have you. Right? We are a uh a leading data
platform, multicloud or crosscloud data platform,
uh tens of thousands of customers, you know, uh
billions of dollars in revenue and and moreover
the creator of a number of open-source very
popular open-source capabilities, Spark,
uh MLflow, Delta, etc. Um, you know, we live in
a world Brad just a minute ago, he talked about
the importance of the model and then the data you
bring to the model. And the enterprises we work
with have a kind of nightmarish data scenario
because you know you talk to these large bank
multinational banks or something like that and
they've they've done dozens if not uh scores of of
of acquisitions over the years and they have data
on every cloud in every possible vendor in every
possible service and they're trying at this moment
to figure out how to take advantage of this kind
of transformational techn technological moment,
but they're doing it with kind of a mess in the
back end, if you will, right? And it turns out the
problem is actually much worse than this because
it's not like they just have one data warehouse or
something like that. They often have many of them,
right? And and often the the experts in one or
two of these systems are only experts in one
or two of these systems and they don't know the
other system. So if if you're stuck and your data
warehouse or your streaming person isn't a Gen
AI person, you may find yourself kind of locked
out of of being able to bring your data into into
these systems as easily as you want to. Now I'm
not going to go head on into data bricks. Data
bricks ultimately we help you manage your data
and then on top of that management of your data we
have a whole series of capabilities and going to
really focus on our AI capabilities with Mosaic
AI today. Now we think of this as a difference
between what we call general intelligence
and data intelligence. Both of these things
are extraordinarily useful and extraordinarily
important. But as Brad talked about, particularly
for for businesses or large enterprises, as
they want to move into using this technology
to automate more of their systems or drive greater
insights within their organization, almost always
it comes back to connecting it. We saw here
Brad connecting it to the web or connecting
it to MCP servers, but inevitably it comes back to
trying to connect it to their data estate, right?
So for a really good example of this uh Faxet, I
don't know if you guys have heard of Faxet. Faxet
is a financial services company that sells uh data
about other companies. They sell financial data
about companies to banks and hedge funds and what
have you. Uh Faxet has their own query language,
which is now a yellow flag to me when considering
employers. If your employer has their own query
language, you got to think about whether or not
this is the right place to be. Having said that,
I did work at Google who I think probably
has a dozen of their own query languages. But
uh so Faxet had this this problem and opportunity,
which is that any customer they had who wanted to
access their data, they had to learn FQL, Faxet
query language, creative name in there. Uh,
and so when this whole Genai craze started, these
guys lost their minds with excitement because
they thought, what if we could translate English
into factet query language? And so they went to
their favorite cloud of choice. They hit one the
one-click rag button. I think they did a little
more than the one-click rag button, but they
basically showed up with this massive prompt of
a bunch of examples and a bunch of documentation
and then a massive vector DB of a bunch of prompts
and a bunch of documentation or a bunch of uh
examples and a bunch of documentation. And this
is what they ended up with, right? They ended up
with 59% accuracy in about 15 seconds of latency.
And I share with you that latency metric not just
because it's an important customer experience
metric and all of these kinds of things. But in
this world of Genai, it's probably the closest
thing we have to a cost metric, right? You're more
or less paying for compute time. And so that 15
seconds is basically 15 seconds of cost, right?
And 59% accuracy. With this, they they showed up.
They they contacted us and said, "Hey, good news.
We've got a Jedi solution. Bad news. it's just
slightly better than a coin flip kind of thing,
right? And so we worked with them on this problem
and tried to understand what what the opportunity
was, what the challenge was. And really what we
did was we just decomposed the prompt into each
of the individual tasks that that prompt was
being asked to use. Right? So effectively what we
did was we took that prompt and created kind of
something of an agent of a multi-node a multi-step
chain or process to be able to solve this problem
more wholly. And really the reason we did that
was because it allowed us the opportunity to start
tuning performance at each step of this problem.
Right? And you can see we got them to 85% accuracy
in six seconds of latency. at 85% accuracy. They
they did two things. They turned to us and they
said, "Cool. We're comfortable showing this to
our existing customers and they said, "We get
how you're helping us. We don't want to pay you
to help us anymore. We'll take it from here." Uh,
last I talked to them, they had it into the '9s,
and last I talked to them, uh, transitioning to
Claude was one of their next roadmap items.
Um, the reason I say all of this is because
there's a paper out there uh from the Berkeley
artificial intelligence research uh lab which
uh if you look into it, yes, there's a little
bit of uh cross-pollination between us and and uh
Berkeley, but basically the folks at Berkeley did
a right after Genai kind of really hit its stride,
they went out and they looked at all the popular
AI systems that are out in production today. And
what they found was that none of these systems
were as easy as kind of a a a a single input and a
single output kind of basic system. These systems
were all kind of very complex multi-node multi- uh
kind of multi-art systems that were being chained
together to create really fantastic outcomes.
So our goal at data bricks is really to simplify
the creation of these kinds of capabilities for
our customers but very specifically we want to
do it on the areas where there is financial and
reputational risk. If what you're wanting to do
is build a chatbot for you and your buddies to
kind of search over your your uh you know your
documents or your you know your emails or what
have you your recent PRDs in my case. uh great,
go for it. One click, one click rag away at that
thing kind of or or prompt away at that thing. But
if what you want to do is build something that you
trust putting into a situation of financial or
reputational risk, then it takes some additional
capabilities. And not only that, but what one
of the things we see, and I'm sure you've seen
this as well, is that many of the folks out there
who are developing these systems, they're trying
to develop deterministic systems using the most
probabilistic portion of their entire software
stack, right? And so one of the pieces of this
is how do we help them drive those levels of
consistently drive those levels of repeatable
determinism? And we think it comes down to two
things. All else being equal, we think it comes
down to governance. Making sure you can control
at the tightest levels, at the lowest grain,
what this thing has access to and can do. And
then evaluation. I was super excited. I met with
with a company this morning, a global logistics
provider this morning, and it was one of the first
times I had met with a customer who said, "Hey,
we built this system, and it's like 85% accurate."
And it was such a joy because usually people say,
"Hey, we built the system. We have it in
production. We're super proud of it." And I say,
"How accurate is it?" And they go, "Oh, it's
pretty good, right?" And so being able to really
start to quantify and hill climb that we believe
is critical. So governance, what are we talking
about? We're talking about really governing the
access, treating these agents or these prototype
agents we're building as principles within our
data stack and governing every single aspect of
that. Now on data bricks, we don't just govern
your data. We also govern access to the models,
right? And we govern tools, right? And we
govern queries. So we govern access to the data,
we govern access to the models, we govern access
all of the pieces. There is one piece we don't
yet govern yet is MCP servers. But uh stick with
us. We have a conference in a few weeks. You might
come check it out and uh hopefully we'll have news
for you there. Um so how do we get all of this to
reason over your data? And uh you know we do that
by injecting it with either the vector store or or
the feature store. Uh, and then we, as I said, we
govern all of the aspects, whether it's the data,
the models, the tools. And I want to stop for
a second and talk about tools and tool calling
because we saw some of it just a second ago in
Brad's demos. And tool calling when it comes to
trying to build a deterministic system. Usually
what we actually see is we see someone building
uh using an LLM to as a classifier to choose one
of six or eight paths, right? One of six or eight
tools. And those tools may be agents, those
tools may be SQL queries, those tools are any
sort of parameterizable function kind of thing,
right? So we see them creating access to these
tools. And then what do we see? We often see the
next layer another set of to of agents calling
choosing between a set of tools and and so they
end up with this massive decision tree which is
great from a kind of deterministic perspective on
really d reducing the entropy in these systems.
The challenge for us was that before we had
this relationship with anthropic we were
talking to people about this stuff but the tool
calling just wasn't where it was needed to be.
You would have these moments where it would be
unbelievably obvious what tool should be called
and the models would consistently not necessar
well would consistently not get it right. Uh with
with claude that has changed completely. Right. We
now see the ability for these systems to do tool
calling really becomes the way in which software
development engineers and and app app engineers
can start building these quasi deterministic
systems using a highly probabilistic backend.
Cloud really in many ways completes this puzzle
for us by giving us that frontier LLM available
directly inside data bricks that has all of the
capabilities needed to really superpower the use
cases that our customers are putting together. So
why cloud and data bricks together? First of all,
cloud is natively available on data bicks in on
any cloud, right? So on Azure, on AWS, on GCP,
you can call cloud within your databicks instance.
You can build uh state-of-the-art agents on data
bricks powered by cloud and then fundamentally you
can connect cloud. You know the vast majority of
folks who are using data bricks are are much
lower level data engineers and what have you
building out kind of massive schemas and building
out massive governance policies systems and what
have you. And you can use claude as a principle
within that system, right? And as you can see,
uh, including MCP servers coming soon.
Uh, so why use it with us, right? Well,
it really comes down to really pairing the
strongest model with the strongest platform,
using it in a fully controlled, right? You know,
when you talk to these companies, I was sitting
at a a collection of of banks recently. There were
10 or 12 banks at the table. We were all talking
about what they were working on. I think more than
half the banks in the room were were prototyping
on Claude as we spoke. Uh one of the banks did
raise their hand and said, "We're not allowed to
use any of this generative stuff in this industry
of which he was laughed at by the others in the
room who were working on these things." uh and and
the real difference was what that guy was saying
was hey we don't have the controls in place to
use this within our own organization whereas the
banks the hospitals the other highly governed
highly regulated areas that have gone through
this now have full access to this technology and
no longer need to wait for the technology to kind
of come to them right you can uh commercially
there's some advantages scale and and operational
capabilities really add to the reasons for why
to use it all together. Now we together we enable
these really high value use cases and one of the
great things about sitting at the intersection
of Gen AI and enterprise is getting to see these
highv value use cases that kind of come through
and really you know give us the the confidence
to see that this technology is not going to be
uh another uh kind of three-year flash in the pan
but is is really going to end up changing ing the
way we all work and and we can now see that coming
to fruition in some of these organizations we're
working with. Now I had said at the beginning
that this comes down to governance and evaluation,
right? And for us, one is not complete without
the other. You can lock these things down. You
can control what they have access to. You can
control how they're going to operate within
your data estate. But if you're not measuring
the quality of the system, then you're really
not going to know whether or not this this system
you've built is high enough quality to be able to
start putting in to those higher risk use cases
without necessarily a human approval in the loop
at every step. Right? And so that's where eval
comes in. This is our eval platform. By the way,
you bring in a golden data set. We have a series
of LLM judges that help determine whether or not
your performance is what it needs to be. And
uh and you can use this. By the way, this whole
system has a secondary UI for your subject matter
expert. Time and again, we see the app developers
building these systems are not necessarily the
subject matter experts on these topics. And so
having a simplified UI for that subject matter
expert to be able to kind of quickly and easily
give uh context or or correct a correct a prompt
or or create a better answer is critical. This is
how we start down this path of gaining confidence
that these systems can perform in robust higher
risk situations is by really kind of you know I I
had a a guy uh the other day who who said you know
oh you're just unit testing the agent and I I kind
of said well I like to think it's more clever than
that but yeah you know more or less right you know
really kind of searching across the the question
space or that that is expected to be uh uh kind
of gone after with this system and then diving
in at the most granular levels to ensure that
this system is performing. Now this eval system
I should say uh a lot of it is open source in ML
flow the uh LLM judges are not but a lot of the
capabilities here can be run whether or not you're
using data bricks or not you can use o open source
ML flow to do these evals or you can if you're
using data bricks you can hook it up and gain all
the value of some of our custom judges and what
have you right um so that is kind of the stack
and that's how we're helping organizations bring
Gen AI and particularly bringing Claude into this
space. Now before we wrap up though, I wanted to
share uh you know there are these these analysts
out there Gartner and Forester and all these they
go around and they they write report cards on how
good is every how good are all the the vendors,
right? Which vendors are the leaders and what
have you. We do pretty well in these. Uh, but I'm
really excited to say that we're now using Arya to
do these. So, to give you a sense, the last time
we filled out the Gartner one of these things,
we ended up writing a 450 page document, right?
They had 180 questions for us and it we ended up
passing back to them a 450 page document. So using
claude we actually have taken a whole our our
uh doc our blogs our docs uh a whole bunch
of the information about our system as well
as past answers we've written for these types
of things and we've actually gotten it so that
when Gartner or Forester or what have you send us
these questionnaires we just run them through the
bot and you know I'll say the answers. We still
read the answers over and we correct some of them
some of the time, but the ability for us to do
this has made it so that now instead of it being
kind of hundreds of hours of product managers and
engineers and marketing folks all kind of pounding
on the keyboard to try and put something together.
Now, we're just editing what I what I wouldn't
even call a rough draft. But we're editing what's
pretty darn close to a final draft coming out of
Claude. And and the reason why I have this up here
is because we built this uh this went through many
iterations. We started with open source models.
Then we went to uh non-anthropic models uh of
a different vendor and then we started using
claude. And it wasn't until we started using
Claude that the results were good enough that we
it was it was when we started using Claude that
we for the first time had results that we could
ship without touching them. And that was a huge
win for us. Uh and so it's a a really exciting
This is one of these that I'm super excited
about because it makes my life way better. Uh we
uh we just published a blog on this. Uh really
exciting stuff. if you if you have to spend your
days filling out these darn questionnaires. Um,
Block is also a customer of ours and Block has
built this open source system called Goose. And
if you haven't given Goose a try, you should
take a look. Uh, as I said, it's open source.
It's a it's really a dev environment, an agentic
dev environment to accelerate their developers
to be able to build, you know, it has basically
claude built into it and it has connections to
all of their systems and all of their data so that
they can much much more quickly and easily build
uh you know kind of within and really accelerate
the developer experience far far beyond kind
of what we're all used to with code complete or
something like that into a much more purpose-built
system to be able to go attack uh improvement
of their workflows and things like this. You
can see 40 to 50% weekly user adoption increase 8
to 10 hours saved per week by using this. And it's
uh it's been really exciting to see block be this
successful uh with data bricks on or with cloud
on data bricks as well as to see uh goose start to
pick up in the market and more and more people uh
playing around and starting to try out goose. So
those are just a couple of the areas where we've
had success getting uh getting these these models
and these systems in production and creating value
for customers. So, I I'll just end it with, you
know, uh I'm sure everyone here is is deep enough
in this that I don't need to tell you to start
identifying your AI use cases, but once you've
identified those AI use cases and you've started
to understand what success may look like, you
know, contact us, reach out to data bricks, reach
out to anthropic, happy to work with you either,
uh, you know, kind of in your professional
capacity with the organizations you work for
and and really help them gain the confidence I
the the meeting I was in earlier today. Uh as
I was walking out of the meeting, the head
of AI came running over to me and he said,
"Hey, I really appreciate the session
today." And I said, "No, no worries. Like,
happy to happy to present. Happy to chat with
you about what we're doing." He goes, "No,
no, no, no. It wasn't learning about your stuff
that I appreciated. It was you telling our chief
data officer how hard my job is that I really
appreciated." Right? And so, let us know how we
can help you uh in this in this journey. With
that, I wanted to open it up to any questions.
Uh, no, no, no. So, the question was,
is the is the safe score among our LLM
judges uh kind of using a red teaming or a
a kind of adversarial technique or something
like that? No. It's much more of a kind of
think of it more as like a guardrail type
measure around you know uh was this response
a green response or a a comfortable response
kind of thing. Any other questions?
Yeah. Would you think like Minecraft?
Yeah. I mean uh you know some of the folks over
you know it's tough. There's um we have a bunch
of competitors for for point solutions within the
genai space right you know eval you could say you
know might be Galileo it might be you know uh
patronis it might be others kind of thing right
uh you know and so there's some point specific
folks um I think the way we think about this is
much more that the value comes in the connection
between the AI system and the data system like
having worked at both AWS and GCP I can say like
uh the reason I'm at data bricks is because there
was a conversation I had while at while at Vertex
where we were sitting there saying hey with MLOps
we had taken an order of magnitude off the
development time where does the next order
of magnitude off development time came from
and it really I believe comes from being able
to really integrate the AI and the data layers
together much much more intimately and deeply
than we've seen from most of the hyperscalers.
Any other last questions? Yeah. In one of your
earlier slides, the customer. Yeah, it
looks like they have many agents. Yeah.
Yeah. I I mean that's certainly, you know, we've
um we often work we often encourage companies to
take a more kind of composable agentic approach.
And we often encourage them to do that simply
because when you're trying to build these systems
to behave deterministically uh in a higher risk
environment, uh then you need to be able to
tune them at a much more granular level. And so,
you know, our goal is really to drive as much
entropy out of these systems as possible in
trying to get this determinism. And so, you know,
yes, uh I think three, you know, 37 I I haven't
gotten to play with four nearly enough yet, but
I think 37 uh probably could do a lot of that,
but I I I guess my only concern would be, uh if
we did find errors, would we have the knobs to
be able to go and get them beyond just swapping
up the prompts, right? And and that's I think
where you know even as these models have gotten
much larger. I'll tell you one of the things 37
that I've really appreciated about 37 is that
uh it does a great job of taking prompts to
other models and decomposing them into each of
the steps. Like I can take it and say hey if I
needed to rewrite this where every sing where it
was as many small granular steps as possible then
uh then 37 or 37 has done a great job of
that. So, listen, I appreciate all the uh
the time and attention today. I'll be back if
you have other questions uh back by the door,
back outside. And uh thanks again for
coming today. Thank you. [Applause] [Music]
[Music]